asn1cpp: A memory-safe C++ wrapper on top of asn1c
==================================================

This project tries to create a memory-safe and easy to use modern C++ wrapper
around the code generated by the [asn1c project](https://github.com/vlm/asn1c).

The project is completely header-only: just include the headers in your project
and you're ready to use it.

Feel free to explore the `test` folder in order to see examples on how the
library is used.

Requirements
------------

This library only requires that you have a C++11 compliant compiler, and nothing
else.

Building the tests
------------------

The repository includes a series of tests. The tests are not necessary if you
just wish to use the library.

If you wish to build and run them, you need first to install the [Boost
Test](http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_64_0/libs/test/doc/html/index.html)
library.

Then you can simply follow the following instructions from the repository's
root folder:

```
git submodule init
git submodule update
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
```

This will build all the tests. To run the tests, run:

```
ctest -V
```

from the `build` folder you have created.

To run the tests with `valgrind`, run:

```
ctest -D ExperimentalMemCheck -V
```

Documentation
-------------

The asn1cpp library is fully documented.

The Doxygen documentation will export only the API of the library, so to avoid
providing you with unnecessary text to read. To generate the Doxygen
documentation simply run

```
doxygen
```

Within the project's folder. It will automatically create an `html` folder which
contains the generated documentation.

In order to have more information about the internals feel free to read the
documentation in the code itself. This should be unnecessary in order to simply
use the library, and should be needed only if you need to extend some particular
functionality.
